# ControlWorks
The result:\
japan is an archipelago, or string of islands, on the eastern edge of asia. there are four main islands – hokkaido, honshu, shikoku and kyushu. there are also nearly 4,000 smaller islands, too! japan”s nearest mainland neighbors are the siberian region of russia in the north, and korea and china farther south. almost four-fifths of japan is covered with mountains. the japanese alps run down the centre of the largest island, honshu. the highest peak and japan’s most famous mountain is mount fuji, a cone-shaped volcano considered sacred by many japanese. japan can be a dangerous place. three of the tectonic plates that form the earth”s crust meet nearby and often move against each other, causing earthquakes. more than a thousand earthquakes hit japan every year. japan also has about 200 volcanoes, 60 of which are still active. the japanese people have a deep affection for the beauty of the landscape. the ancient shinto religion says natural features like mountains, waterfalls and forests have their own spirit or soul. japan is home to some wonderful wildlife! some of the country’s most incredible creatures include the sika deer, red-crowned crane, stellar’s sea eagle and one of the coolest critters on the planet...the japanese macaque monkey! most of japan is covered by countryside – but with more than 100 million people living in such a small place, sadly, wildlife has suffered. although pollution is now tightly controlled, over the years, road building and other human activities have harmed natural habitats. today, about 136 species in japan are listed as endangered. off the coast of this incredible country, the warm tsushima current flows from the south into the sea of japan, where it meets a colder current from the north. as a result of the mixing of different waters, the seas around japan are very rich in fish and other sea life. cool!
